c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication3.exe
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication3.pdb
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Atlassian.Jira.dll
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Manager_deployer.dll
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Octokit.dll
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\TechTalk.JiraRestClient.dll
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Tools4Libraries.dll
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Octokit.xml
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication3.exe
c:\users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
C:\Users\younu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication3\ConsoleApplication3\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
